Improve readme (#135)
zeit/swr: README.md

In some scenarios, it's useful pass multiple arguments (can be any value or object) to the `fetcher` function. For example:

```js
useSWR('/api/data', url => fetchWithToken(url, token))
```

This is **incorrect**. Because the identifier (also the index of the cache) of the data is `'/api/data'`, 

> so even if `token` changes, SWR will still get the same key and return the wrong data. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
so even if `token` changes, SWR will still have the same key and return the wrong data. 
```

Instead, you can use an **array** as the `key` parameter, which contains multiple arguments of `fetcher`:

```js
useSWR(['/api/data', token], fetchWithToken)
```

> It solves the problem. The key of the request is now the combination of both values. SWR **shallowly** compares

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This solves the problem. The key of the request is now the combination of both values. SWR **shallowly** compares
```

> the arguments on every render, and triggers the validation if any of them has changed.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the arguments on every render, and triggers revalidation if any of them has changed.  
```

> So keep in mind to not recreate objects when rendering:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep in mind that you should not recreate objects when rendering, as they will be treated as different objects on every render:
```

```js
// Don’t do this! Deps will be changed on every render.
useSWR(['/api/user', { id }], query)

// Make sure objects are stable
const params = useMemo(() => ({ id }), [id])
useSWR(['/api/user', params], query)
```

> Dan Abramov explained deps very well in [his blog post](https://overreacted.io/a-complete-guide-to-useeffect/#but-i-cant-put-this-function-inside-an-effect).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dan Abramov explains dependencies very well in [this blog post](https://overreacted.io/a-complete-guide-to-useeffect/#but-i-cant-put-this-function-inside-an-effect).
```

}
```

### SSR with Next.js

> With the the `initialData` option, you pass an initial value to the hook. It works perfectly with many SSR solutions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With the `initialData` option, you pass an initial value to the hook. It works perfectly with many SSR solutions
```

Reviewer: Classic! I miss the double 'the' every time.

}
```

In Suspense mode, `data` is always the fetch response (so you don't need to check if it's `undefined`). 

> But if there's an error occurred, you need to use an [error boundary](https://reactjs.org/docs/concurrent-mode-suspense.html#handling-errors) to catch it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But if an error occurred, you need to use an [error boundary](https://reactjs.org/docs/concurrent-mode-suspense.html#handling-errors) to catch it.
```

> _Note that currently Suspense doesn’t work in SSR mode._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Note that Suspense is not supported in SSR mode._
```
